<header>Overview<header/>

The Fire Puck Store is a web-application built with ASP.NET MVC 4.0 framework and extensively using features of HTML5, CSS3 and JavaScript. The application is indented to demonstrate of applying these technologies against e-commerce web-site implementation.<br />
Legend<br />
Hockey fans from all around the World are mad about buying hockey cards with their favorite players. Usually, you can buy a card from the official league websites (such as nhl.com).  The problem is, what in order to buy a card from different leagues, you should go to a particular league website and order an item. There is no one place where you are able to buy a card from the most popular world’s hockey leagues. The Fire Puck Store unifies cards from different leagues, so that, hockey fan can choose whatever he want just visiting one place.<br />
The Fire Puck Store is a lightweight store application which supports following operations<br />
•Selling cards using easy and quick drag &#38; drop mechanism of adding an item to shopping Cart<br />
•Adding and Editing Cards for Players<br />
•Adding and Editing Players<br />
Initially, there is already some predefined data included:<br />
•Cards<br />
•Players<br />
•Cards in the Cart (Order)<br />
Note, there is no any site administration implemented (like Membership Roles), because this is not an issue for this project.<br />
Main Operation<br />
There are following main operations provided by website:<br />
•Selling cards using easy and quick mechanism of adding an item to shopping Cart<br />
•Adding and Editing Cards<br />
•Adding and Editing Players<br />
Selling Cards<br />
Then you launch the application, you are forwarded to the main page where you can see all the cards grouped by leagues. Here you can drag and drop any card to the shopping cart.</p>



 